Only allow `cve` as default argument for CVE reputation commands (#3215)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
## Unreleased

> * Removed support for **cve_id** argument for **cve** reputation command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed support for the `cve_id` name for the default-argument for **cve** reputation commands in **validate**. Now, only `cve` may be used for such commands.
```
